Now then, Korosensei.
Let your final death match begin.
Korosensei...
Compared to me, you are...
weak.
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Past Past
3rd Period Horibe Itona Horibe Itona Time
Itona!
First, we make drastic changes to the field of battle.
Then we attack.
Ow ow ow!
Confining him first makes it far easier to strike.
I've taken a page from your tactical handbook, you see.
Sh-Shiro! So you were behind all this?
Exactly.
Once that creature fears he will lose his students' trust,
he'll act rashly out of panic.
Even if things seem a little off, he'll dive headlong into danger,
the fool.
Dammit! That's our kill!
Why do you always play so dirty?
It's called "being an adult."
See what Itona has on his tentacles there?
Beads with sharp edges made of anti-teacher material.
Every time they touch,
the creature's exposed tentacles will take more and more damage.
That should be more than enough to finish him off.
I win, Brother.
I'm killing you
for one and only one reason:
to prove
that I am the strongest!
Yes, very well done, Itona-kun!
If it were still the first term, you might very well have killed me.
But your attack pattern is a simple one.
No matter how fast you are, no matter how strong,
no matter how many schemes your guardian thinks up,
no matter how easily I freak out,
by our third fight, I can see and adapt to your patterns.
No way... It can't be...
Itona-kun...
I study too, you know.
How could I teach anyone if I didn't also grow and learn day by day?
Now, let's get rid of this troublesome cloth cage.
Experiencing my Absolute Defense Form over summer vacation
taught me yet another skill:
compressing not my whole body but a portion of my tentacles to release a burst of energy.
What?!
Remember this, Itona-kun.
I say assassination is education.
The teacher of the assassination classroom
gets stronger with every lesson!
Why... can't I... win?
I'm... supposed to be... stronger now.
So there you have it, Shiro-san.
Leave him in the E Class's capable hands and go quietly.
Oh, and...
spread the real truth that I am not an underwear thief!
And I'm actually a B-cup! A B-cup!
lt hurts... Itona-kun!
My head's... killing me!
My brain's about to burst!
Due to the shock of his repeated defeats, his tentacles are starting to gnaw away at his mind.
Hang in there, Itona-kun!
This might just be all that he can take.
Why, he couldn't even pull off my otherwise flawless scheme.
Wh-What is he saying?
Itona,
if this is all you're capable of, the Organization will withdraw their funding.
It's not that I don't feel for you,
but we have to cut our losses at some point,
if only to get the next model up and running.
This is goodbye, Itona.
You're on your own now.
Wait!
What kind of guardian are you?
Quit playing school, you monster.
All you can do is break things— break everything, even.
I will not suffer your very existence.
I wish only for your death, no matter the sacrifice.
Say, are you sure your dear students will be safe, given the situation?
Look out!
Itona-kun...
Korosensei!
As you might imagine, I'm pooped. Time for a little rest.
With tentacle cells grafted to your human body,
you must undergo adaptive treatment almost daily
or be tormented by hellish rejection symptoms.
Now that I've halted your maintenance,
the excruciating pain will cause your nerves to wear away.
The average person dies of madness in three days.
Here's where the first incident occurred.
A string of attacks on cell phone shops throughout Kunugigaoka
have the police discussing a potential link to terrorism.
This has got to be... It's him, all right.
But why cell phone shops?
What should we do, Sensei?
As his teacher, it's my responsibility to stop him.
I have to find him and keep him safe.
I've got a good handle on Shiro's personality.
To him, everyone's a pawn to be used and discarded—
and you never quite know what a guy like that will do next.
I think it'd be wiser to leave him to his own devices.
Even so, I'm his teacher.
And when I accepted my position, I vowed
not to let any of you slip through my tentacles, no matter what.
There are no shortcuts, Itona.
Only those who study daily and work with integrity
will grow stronger.
That liar.
Forget lip service. Enough beating around the bush.
I'm sick of the losers' phony strength. I want to win.
I want the strength to seize victory.
The human part of you is showing at last, Itona-kun.
Brother... "Korosensei," if you please.
After all, I'm your teacher.
Don't be goin' nuclear on us now, Itona.
You put us through a lotta crap, but we'll let it slide.
Just come with us quietly.
Shut up!
We'll settle this through battle. This time... I'll win.
Of course we can fight it out.
But since we're both state secrets, let's find a vacant lot somewhere first.
Afterward, we'll all study ways to kill me
over a nice little barbecue together.
He's a persistent one, that octopus.
Once he takes charge, he'll go to the depths of Hell to teach you.
Of course! Put a student in front of me,
and I can't help but want to teach them. It's only instinct.
Wh-What is this?
I can't see!
Is this... anti-teacher powder?!
Setting Itona adrift was all part of the plan, Korosensei.
I was so distracted by Itona-kun’s bloodlust that I didn't notice!
Come now, ltona—your final duty.
Itona-kun!
You'll come after him, won't you? Being his teacher and all.
Korosensei...
Is everyone all right?
More or less.
Then I'll go rescue Itona-kun!
Protecting us reduced his evasion response time.
No!
Damn that Shiro! He made us his pawns, all right!
Assassination Classroom Second Season Akabane Karma
Itona-kun!
Pressure rays, to slow me down!
Not that I'm surprised. But you really are a fool, Korosensei.
I'm after Itona.
That's right. You grow weak when the target is anyone but you.
Now, will you run away?
I am his teacher!
I...
I'm powerless.
That's why even my partner's abandoned me.
Good eyes.
In them, I see a dogged fixation on winning—
crucial for making the most of the powerful cells I've created.
Why don't we do a little addition, you and me?
Let me plot your path to success.
Your tenacity plus my technology equals the power to seize victory.
With power, you can be stronger than anyone else in this world.
I was dead set on power,
so I could withstand the searing pain of those mysterious cells.
I was dead set on winning,
so I could throw myself into conflict, again and again.
But I didn't get what I sought.
And the one I was meant to kill is protecting me!
I... I can't lose to those nobodies...
What the—
This is anti-octopus material, right?
Damn you for making us do the dirty work!
Terasaka! Get the light in the tree!
On it!
You brats...
But... why would you...
Don't take this the wrong way.
We're just pissed at Shiro.
If Korosensei hadn't run off, we would've left you high and dry.
Hayami said "Don't take this the wrong way!"
The classic tsundere line. Marvelous.
You sure you want to be looking this way, Shiro?
If you stop shooting, the netting'll come right off at the base.
You made it!
The netting is melting his tentacles!
We'll get you out of there!
Step down, Shiro-san.
We'll take Itona-kun.
You always plan so carefully,
but even the best-laid plans go astray once my students get involved.
The sooner you realize the obvious, the better.
A class consisting of a monster swarmed by tiny flies?!
How infinitely irritating.
But I will concede that my plan needs some radical revisions.
Keep the boy.
He'll only live a few more days as it is.
Play nice together, now.
Studying, integrity... Lies, all of it.
In the end, all that matters is whether I have the power to overwhelm my opponent.
As long as Itona-kun keeps his pathological attachment to power and winning,
his tentacle cells will adhere too tight for us to remove.
Can't we cut them off somehow?
Not until we get rid of his fixation.
That's why we have to learn more about how he got this way.
Yeah, but...
I kinda doubt he'll be forthcoming about his life story.
Actually, about that...
I'd been wondering something.
Why was Itona-kun going after cell phone shops?
So I had Ritsu look up some stuff about him,
and it turns out the president of this company had a son named Horibe Itona.
This little factory supplied smartphone parts to buyers around the world.
But two years ago it went under, burdened with debt.
The president and his wife vanished, leaving their son behind.
We started to see the reason behind Itona's lust for power and victory.
Pfft, is that all? That made him into a delinquent?
Everybody's worried about somethin'.
Big problems, little ones...
We'll take him in 'n look after him.
If he dies, well, that's that.
Look, Itona.
Even a tiny factory like ours can compete with the big names if we work with integrity.
What a load of crap.
But why? You know all our techniques! If you leave us...
Studying and integrity are meaningless in the face of superior, overwhelming power.
I'm sorry, Itona. Go live with your uncle.
You're awake. Finally.
We refashioned the anti-tentacle netting into a bandana.
Just for peace of mind.
But you can't pop out those tentacles anymore, can you?
Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza
Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza
Why ramen?
He's got to be hungry, right?
He'll feel better after he eats.
Well? Isn't our ramen totally gross?
I keep telling my old man, but he won't change the recipe.
It is gross. And stale.
The soup uses MSG to cover up the corners cut on chicken bones.
The main topping is a smugly placed naruto cake.
Basically, last century called, and it wants its ramen back.
This punk knows his stuff!
If a franchise opened nearby, this place would be toast.
My father may have studied, but he still suffered a tragic loss.
Let's hit my place next.
Our modern tech'll put this fossilized ramen to shame!
Why, you—
Yoshida Yoshida Motors Motors
Whaddya think, Itona? Let the speed blow your cares away!
An unlicensed junior-high kid? You sure about this?
It is on Yoshida's family property.
Feeling good and hyped?
It's not bad.
Awright! Now for my high-speed braking turn!
You idiot! Go help him!
What if the shock makes him go nuts again?!
Aw, a little bump like that won't hurt him!
They're just making it up as they go along.
Yeah.
I mean, they're basically idiots. What do you want?
But at least Hazama-san's got some brains.
You want to get back at Shiro, don't you?
The Count of Monte Cristo Alexandre Dumas
Alexandre Dumas The Count of Monte Cristo
Alexandre Dumas Alexandre Dumas
The Count of Monte Cristo The Count of Monte Cristo
Alexandre Dumas The Count of Monte Cristo
The Count of Monte Cristo Alexandre Dumas
The Count of Monte Cristo The Count of Monte Cristo
Alexandre Dumas Alexandre Dumas
The Count of Monte Cristo Alexandre Dumas
Alexandre Dumas The Count of Monte Cristo
The famous tale of revenge: The Count of Monte Cristo.
Seven volumes. 2,500 pages.
Read this, and feed the darkness within.
He gives up on his revenge toward the end,
so don't bother reading that far.
What a friggin' pain!
Hazama, your stuff is always way too involved and way too dark!
So? You've got to cherish the darkness in your heart!
Don't you have an easier way to cheer him up?
This guy probably ain't the brightest—
Uh-oh. He's getting all twitchy.
Probably pissed that Terasaka called him dumb.
No...
It's the tentacles. He's going to flip out on us again!
I'm not like you, fine with just doing whatever.
I'll do it now! I'll kill him, and victory will be mine!
Terasaka!
Hey, Itona. I used to think like you.
I couldn't wait to kill that octopus.
But you can't do it. Not right away.
Get rid of that impossible vision of yours. It's easier that way.
Shut up!
That's the second time... and you're weaker now. Easier to grab.
Still hurts enough to make me hurl, though.
But that just reminds me of Muramatsu's ramen.
Hey!
That octopus told him to study business.
Restaurant Management Restaurant Management Restaurant
Management Restaurant Management Restaurant Management
Management Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza Shourai-ken Ramen
Gyoza Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza
Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza Shourai-ken Ramen Gyoza
Gross ramen is fine for now.
One day, when he takes over,
his new flavors and management skills will get that joint jumpin'.
Yoshida was given the same recommendation— in case it came in handy someday.
C'mon, Itona.
Don't let a couple losses throw you off course!
All you gotta do is win someday.
And when it comes to killin' that octopus... it don't hafta be now.
We can fail a hundred times over.
Just kill him once before March... and we win.
You can use the prize money to buy back your dad's factory.
Then your folks could come back.
I can't stand this.
What do I do until I come up with my next vision of victory?
Huh?
You just fool around, like you did with us today!
That's what we're here for!
Look at that idiot.
Who else could say that with a straight face?
Although...
Sometimes a few words from an idiot is all you need to chill things out.
So I was being... hasty?
Yeah.
I think you were.
That tint of attachment is gone from your eyes, Itona-kun.
We can remove those painful tentacle cells now.
In losing one great power, you'll gain many friends.
You'll join in trying to kill me, won't you?
Starting tomorrow?
Yoshida Yoshida Motors Motors Yoshida Yoshida Motors
Motors Yoshida Yoshida Motors Motors Yoshida Yoshida
Motors Motors Yoshida Yoshida Motors Motors Yoshida
Yoshida Motors Motors Yoshida Yoshida Motors Motors
Motors Motors Yoshida Yoshida Motors Motors
Suit yourself.
I'm sick of this power... and this whole "brothers" thing, too.
Hey, you made it!
No more busting through the wall, okay?
Morning! That bandana's a good look on you!
Good morning. And how are you feeling?
Awful, now that I've lost my power.
But I don't feel any weaker.
In the end, I will kill you, Korosensei.
And so the problem child, Horibe Itona, finally joined our class.
Hey, Muramatsu. I'm broke.
Shout me some ramen. I'll try not to barf it back up.
And naturally, he's in Terasaka's group.
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo